Ema is building the next generation AI technology to empower every employee in the enterprise to be their most creative and productive. Our proprietary tech allows enterprises to delegate most repetitive tasks to Ema, the Universal AI employee. We are founded by ex-Google, Coinbase, Okta executives, and serial entrepreneurs. We’re well-funded by the top investors and angels in the world. Ema is based in Silicon Valley and Bangalore. This will be a hybrid role where we expect employees to work from office three days a week.

Who are you?
We are seeking an experienced Enterprise Software Engineer to join the Ema team in India. As an Enterprise Software Engineer, you will be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining our enterprise software applications. You will work with a cross-functional team of product managers, designers, and developers to deliver high-quality software solutions that meet the needs of our enterprise clients. The ideal candidate has experience building products across the stack and a firm understanding of web frameworks, APIs, databases, and multiple back-end languages. Most importantly, you are excited to be part of a mission-oriented, fast-paced, high-growth startup that can create a lasting impact.

You will:
Develop and maintain enterprise software applications, including API, data, application, and service development

Write clean, efficient, and maintainable code by employing test-driven development process.

Build scalable and reliable back-end systems using languages like Go and Python.

Develop and maintain APIs using REST, gRPC or GraphQL

Integrate multiple enterprise applications and services using a scalable framework like FastAPI

Build and maintain data schema using PostgreSQL, NoSQL etc.

Knowledge of front-end interfaces using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript frameworks such as React or Angular.

Design data pipelines for ML using DE stack ; event driven technologies like Temporal and Kafka. Work with foundational LLMs across OpenAI. Gemini and Claude.

Ensure that applications are secure and adhere to industry best practices.

Able to design and develop enterprise grade features / modules using SOLID principles and best practices around software engineering.

Develop high availability, low latency enterprise grade software products using Agentic Architecture, LLMs and RAG technology.

Continuously improve software development processes and practices.

Ideally, you'd have:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field.

At least 7+ years of relevant work experience.

Solid background in algorithms, data structures, and object-oriented programming

Experience in back-end development using languages like Python and Go

Knowledge of database technologies like PostgreSQL, Elastic, Redis.

Knowledge of designing and building API platforms and integration systems.

Experience with cloud technologies like GCP

Experience with containerization technologies like Docker and Kubernetes

Experience with integrating multiple enterprise applications, including frameworks and authentication.

Experience in Agentic, LLMs and knowledge search is good to have.

Understanding of security best practices and protocols for enterprise software applications

Experience deploying software in multi-tenant SaaS environments.

Knowledge of front-end technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and front-end frameworks like React or Angular

Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail

Ability to work independently and as part of a team

Experience working with global teams

Ema Unlimited is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetics.